# <strong>IPFS Companion Privacy Policy</strong>

Effective Date: 2019-02-15

The IPFS Companion browser extension created by the IPFS Project. We know you
care about how your personal data is used and we take your privacy seriously.
That is why we don’t track nor collect any Personal Data.

<strong>What Does this Privacy Policy Cover?</strong>

This Privacy Policy explains that we don’t gather, track, nor permanently store
any Personal Data. It also covers Additional Privacy Protocols related to the
way extension exposes access to IPFS p2p network. It is also informing user that
this Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to projects run by other organizations outside
IPFS and Protocol Labs, even if we promote the use of those projects or happen
to contribute to them.

<strong>What Information Do We Collect?</strong>

None. We don’t collect your data, period.

<strong>Explicitly Shared Data will be Publicly Available over IPFS</strong>

We do not collect, rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone. However
because IPFS Companion is a web extension that provides access to real-time,
peer-to-peer IPFS  platform for anyone to join and participate, the data that
you add to IPFS using IPFS Companion is publicly available and accessible to
everyone participating in IPFS network.

<strong>Additional Privacy Protocols</strong>

If you share files using this extension they will be stored on your local IPFS
node and also  cached on the IPFS network. All content on IPFS is public by
default. This means your files will be accessible to everyone who knows the
Content Identifier (CID) or queries the data on IPFS. If you want to share
privately, encrypt your data before adding it to IPFS.

If you are using embedded JS IPFS node it will connect to bootstrap servers
hosted by Protocol Labs and some of your Personal Information, such as public
key and IP address of your IPFS node will be stored on the IPFS network publicly
as well to facilitate p2p exchanges.

If you are using “window.ipfs”, “Linkify IPFS Addresses” or “Catch Unhandled
IPFS Protocols” experiments, websites will be able to detect you are running
IPFS Companion. This behavior can be disabled on Preferences screen by disabling
mentioned experiments.

<strong>Will We Ever Change this Privacy Policy?</strong>

We’re constantly trying to improve IPFS Companion, so we may need to change this
Privacy Policy sometimes. When we do, we will update the date at the top of the
Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to
stay informed. If you use IPFS Companion after any changes to the Privacy Policy
have been posted, that means you agree to all of those changes.

<strong>What if I have questions about this policy?</strong>

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please
send us a message at <em>legalrequests@protocol.ai</em>
